{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2708
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab560
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs26 \cf0 What was the main idea that the writer was trying to express?\
The main idea the writer is that our staff are our most important asset. Columnist relies on research  where the authors studied four potential measures of corporate performance: customer loyalty, employee productivity, profitability and staff turnover. They found that employee satisfaction had a negative link with staff turnover and a substantial positive correlation with customer loyalty. It was correlated with higher productivity and, less strongly, with rofitability. Improvements in employee morale precede gains in productivity, rather than the reverse.\
What do you think an ideal work environment is like?\
Where I will be well informed about a company's plans and consulted about the roles I will play. I will feel able to raise problems with managers without fearing for my jobs. I may work\
hard, but I will be allowed sufficient time to recuperate, and enjoy time with my families. In short, I will be treated as person,\
not as mere accounting unit.\
How can businesses create good work environments?\
In my opinion, companies can give more freedom of action, more feedback, less non-constructive criticism and 4 day work week.}